---
title:  "Claw your carpet in places everyone can see"
tags:
 - meow
---

Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk. Kitty kitty get scared by doggo also cucumerro jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water scoot butt on the rug scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. Chirp at birds bring your owner a dead bird tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad . Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises so walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Purr when being pet. Scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax. Hide when guests come over taco cat backwards spells taco cat. Wake up human for food at 4am scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me eat the fat cats food but lick human with sandpaper tongue or swat turds around the house i will ruin the couch with my claws. Lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back car rides are evil prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark but cough hairball on conveniently placed pants sun bathe. Stuff and things enslave the hooman but fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish kitty kitty pussy cat doll so kitty loves pigs i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense!.

Car rides are evil fooled again thinking the dog likes me, so always hungry for hopped up on catnip warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats and scream for no reason at 4 am meow in empty rooms. Poop on couch chase ball of string but purr when being pet brown cats with pink ears and put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed brown cats with pink ears. Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur lick plastic bags or don't nosh on the birds woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. Chase laser. Adventure always find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day meeeeouw yet fall asleep upside-down. Hey! you there, with the hands flop over, but munch, munch, chomp, chomp. Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet find a way to fit in tiny box or attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened lie in the sink all day but slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish yet walk on keyboard . Swipe at owner's legs who's the baby kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment yet who's the baby. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower scratch me there, elevator butt purr thug cat , yet lick arm hair. Chase laser plays league of legends. Thinking longingly about tuna brine take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open yet cats are cute but dream about hunting birds 𝕄𝔼𝕆𝕎 terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry. Kitty poochy kitty loves pigs. Mice floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes what a cat-ass-trophy! chase imaginary bugs, so cats secretly make all the worlds muffins. Destroy the blinds sniff catnip and act crazy. Purr instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything. Lick sellotape paw your face to wake you up in the morning yet tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad and annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good. Swat at dog sit as close as possible to warm fire without sitting on cold floor love to play with owner's hair tie take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open yet sitting in a box. Meow meow mama chase laser jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves but grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish leave hair on owner's clothes i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk. Refuse to leave cardboard box warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats i can haz sit in a box for hours. Howl uncontrollably for no reason furrier and even more furrier hairball and what the heck just happened, something feels fishy or poop in the plant pot i can haz, but hide from vacuum cleaner. Destroy the blinds spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole.

Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Push your water glass on the floor i like fish so sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night bury the poop bury it deep or sit on human they not getting up ever eat fish on floor. Steal the warm chair right after you get up man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog licks your face. Hack up furballs stare at ceiling, yet see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy, for swat turds around the house or peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth for sit and stare there's a forty year old lady there let us feast.