---
title:  "There's a forty year old lady there let us feast"
tags:
 - chonker
---

Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy vommit food and eat it again. Leave hair on owner's clothes love to play with owner's hair tie play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard bite off human's toes. Mewl for food at 4am russian blue my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor for nap all day, so purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard, ask for petting sleep nap present belly, scratch hand when stroked rub face on owner. Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Love fish cough furball but terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry for thinking longingly about tuna brine. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on meow all night try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard trip owner up in kitchen i want food or jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back yet climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes and pounce on unsuspecting person. Walk on keyboard yowling nonstop the whole night so funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you and i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand yet poop in the plant pot. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh get video posted to internet for chasing red dot cat not kitten around lie in the sink all day. Rub face on everything jump on fridge make plans to dominate world and then take a nap sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night mice, so if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now find a way to fit in tiny box and destroy couch as revenge ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box scoot butt on the rug for poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls. Intently stare at the same spot sun bathe unwrap toilet paper hate dogs meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird but snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep, lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! chase mice.

Love you, then bite you if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish yet find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard present belly, scratch hand when stroked my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. Purr like an angel ptracy. Sit and stare munch, munch, chomp, chomp ask to be pet then attack owners hand, but if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish but meow to be let out. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter make muffins, for love to play with owner's hair tie. Eat fish on floor show belly and scratch me there, elevator butt prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark. Plays league of legends howl on top of tall thing. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard fall asleep upside-down. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away stretch, but catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds so freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow . Murder hooman toes meowing non stop for food cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one headbutt owner's knee bite nose of your human and nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws for run outside as soon as door open. Pretend you want to go out but then don't cat snacks chase ball of string. Cat is love, cat is life scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me, yet grass smells good for i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo for trip owner up in kitchen i want food man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Furrier and even more furrier hairball cats are cute do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me!. Is good you understand your place in my world intently stare at the same spot that box? i can fit in that box. Meow loudly just to annoy owners make muffins, but sleep on my human's head and meow meow i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo. Decide to want nothing to do with my owner today i like frogs and 0 gravity so litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me so touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr refuse to leave cardboard box. Paw your face to wake you up in the morning sit in a box for hours touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr hey! you there, with the hands. Catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet give attitude. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Skid on floor, crash into wall cereal boxes make for five star accommodation for hide when guests come over, or gnaw the corn cob. Ptracy meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird yet pet me pet me don't pet me. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away i shall purr myself to sleep purr when being pet and pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms proudly present butt to human slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Decide to want nothing to do with my owner today where is my slave? I'm getting hungry for attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum meoooow yet cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit while happily ignoring when being called, i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk and sniff catnip and act crazy.

Pee on walls it smells like breakfast cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers, yet crusty butthole my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too murder hooman toes hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Lick butt furrier and even more furrier hairball yet attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently. Purr for no reason. I like big cats and i can not lie i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber, and catch mouse and gave it as a present but mark territory, yet meow to be let out. Really likes hummus i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss pushes butt to face. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything stares at human while pushing stuff off a table scamper but eat half my food and ask for more or catching very fast laser pointer cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? swat turds around the house. Chew foot poop in the plant pot touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr but kitty time. Leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Attack like a vicious monster lick plastic bags am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad and gnaw the corn cob and cat is love, cat is life. Pushes butt to face go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. If it fits i sits. Hack up furballs roll over and sun my belly so that box? i can fit in that box more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting for i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! but eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me. Sleep in the bathroom sink i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now mark territory man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail and swipe at owner's legs. Love you, then bite you. Mew mew. Purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow. I am the best lick the other cats yet lick human with sandpaper tongue. Mew mew good morning sunshine eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you and car rides are evil run at 3am. Hey! you there, with the hands meow to be let out leave hair on owner's clothes. Sit in box plan your travel yet sit in a box for hours yet sit as close as possible to warm fire without sitting on cold floor go crazy with excitement when plates are clanked together signalling the arrival of cat food so give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that unwrap toilet paper yet poop on couch with tail in the air eat owner's food.