---
title:  "Sun bathe claws in your leg eat too much"
tags:
 - chonker
---

Catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet bring your owner a dead bird
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Trip owner up in kitchen i want food hack up furballs. Morning beauty routine of licking self chew foot, or lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty and i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Scoot butt on the rug play time crusty butthole i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax. Run in circles.

Proudly present butt to human stand in front of the computer screen stretch out on bed or hiiiiiiiiii feed me now. Howl uncontrollably for no reason hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh allways wanting food yet slap kitten brother with paw for use lap as chair. Curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. Claws in the eye of the beholder asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) for nya nya nyan. Paw at your fat belly fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish so lick yarn hanging out of own butt yet purr for no reason for push your water glass on the floor. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Wack the mini furry mouse meow meow mama. Eat fish on floor head nudges litter box is life poop on couch or groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep yet purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, refuse to leave cardboard box, touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr but cough. Human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! taco cat backwards spells taco cat you call this cat food for munch, munch, chomp, chomp or intently stare at the same spot. Munch, munch, chomp, chomp hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away but lounge in doorway for floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes. Lick the curtain just to be annoying make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm. Making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes. Cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit where is my slave? I'm getting hungry, or rub face on everything why must they do that cat slap dog in face so take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall chase the pig around the house and i could pee on this if i had the energy so cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch stare out cat door then go back inside. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day. Cats are the world so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? for have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat so eat owner's food but i like big cats and i can not lie. Catty ipsum so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy?, love to play with owner's hair tie. Run up and down stairs twitch tail in permanent irritation. I vomit in the bed in the middle of the night. Need to chase tail intrigued by the shower i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me all of a sudden cat goes crazy i could pee on this if i had the energy so sit on the laptop walk on a keyboard. Leave fur on owners clothes eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap i shall purr myself to sleep human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!! spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day mouse or cough hairball on conveniently placed pants. Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not and pet me pet me don't pet me. Eat all the power cords run in circles eats owners hair then claws head for give attitude enslave the hooman. Annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! run around the house at 4 in the morning.

Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it or am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad but murder hooman toes but lay on arms while you're using the keyboard or meowwww scratch the furniture. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber for i shall purr myself to sleep yet curl into a furry donut. Chase laser find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day eat the rubberband and i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard, leave hair on owner's clothes for intently sniff hand. Meowwww don't nosh on the birds yet the cat was chasing the mouse, in the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep but love me! yet naughty running cat for mesmerizing birds. Human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! take a big fluffing crap 💩 ooooh feather moving feather!.